dns: add dns.rcode keyword - v8 (#10438)
OISF/suricata: doc/userguide/rules/dns-keywords.rst

  dns.opcode:!7-15;

dns.rcode
---------

This keyword matches on the **rcode** found in the DNS header flags.

dns.opcode uses an :ref:`unsigned 8-bit integer <rules-integer-keywords>`.

Currently suricata only supports rcode values in the range [0-15] while the current DNS version supports rcode values from [0-23] as specified in RFC6895. 
We plan to extend the the rcode values supported by suricata according to RFC6895 as tracked by the ticket: https://redmine.openinfosecfoundation.org/issues/6650

> Link to RFC6895 documentation: https://www.iana.org/assignments/dns-parameters/dns-parameters.xhtml#dns-parameters-6

Reviewer: This also probably isn't rendering as expected. If you want the docs to have line breaks, a blank line is needed in between the paragraphs.

> Currently suricata only supports rcode values in the range [0-15] while the current DNS version supports rcode values from [0-23] as specified in RFC6895. 
> We plan to extend the the rcode values supported by suricata according to RFC6895 as tracked by the ticket: https://redmine.openinfosecfoundation.org/issues/6650
> Link to RFC6895 documentation: https://www.iana.org/assignments/dns-parameters/dns-parameters.xhtml#dns-parameters-6

Reviewer: Some suggestions:
```suggestion
Currently, Suricata only supports rcode values in the range [0-15], while the current DNS version supports rcode values from [0-23] as specified in `RFC 6895<https://www.iana.org/assignments/dns-parameters/dns-parameters.xhtml#dns-parameters-6>`_.

We plan to extend the rcode values supported by Suricata, this is tracked by the ticket: https://redmine.openinfosecfoundation.org/issues/6650.
```
